docs: add developers docs around creating new components and creating… (#25)
chakra-ui/chakra-ui-vue-next: README.md

```

## Development Guide
### Major todos:
- [ ] Documentation (to be based on Nuxt 3)
- [ ] Accessibility JS hooks (Documented in Roadmap)
### Contributors' note:
Hi!

I'm excited to finally get this project out in the open. I love working on Chakra! Of recent, between my startup(mid-pivot), school, ministry, and family, I have a limited amount of time every day, so I may not be very active online on Twitter/Discord/Github to respond to issues very actively. The reason for this is that I find that I'm most productive when I have less presence on social media(I need it to deliver my best work <3). Notwithstanding, I indeed am oft pleasantly surprised when I do see the help and support from the community and different contributors! Thank you!

I have the entire Chakra UI core team members and Vue community to thank for their support, and for every contributor who does so by opening issues, writing tests and fixing bugs. I'm generally reachable by email at `excellence@jbakebwa.dev` or on `@codebender828` on Twitter and on the Chakra UI Discord.

> For now I'll be hacking away at this! Blessings!

Reviewer: Let's remove this note for now 💪🏽

### 1. Creating new components
Chakra UI Vue uses [hygen](https://www.hygen.io/) to generate new components. The component templates can be found in the `_templates/generator/component` directory.

* Run the hygen command to generate your new component. 
  ```bash
  yarn hygen generator component --name <COMPONENT_NAME> --description="MY_COMPONENT_DESCRIPTION"
  ```
  This creates a new package with the name `<COMPONENT_NAME>` with some basic sanity tests.

* Run `yarn workspace @chakra-ui/COMPONENT_NAME build && yarn bootstrap` to build and link your component in the monorepo.

* Add the script for your package workspace in the global `package.json` file. `"COMPONENT_NAME": "yarn workspace @chakra-ui/COMPONENT_NAME",` goes under `scripts`.
  

> * Before you can play around with your new component in the playground you will have to export your component from the `@chakra-ui/vue-next core` package. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before you can play around with your new component in the playground you will have to export your component from the `@chakra-ui/vue-next` package in the  `core` directory under `packages`. 
```

  * Inside the `index.ts` file, you will have to add `export * from '@chakra-ui/COMPONENT_NAME'`. 

>   * Your component also needs to be added as a dependency inside the `package.json` file as following: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Your component also needs to be added as a dependency inside the `package.json` of the `@chakra-ui/vue-next` package as following: 
```
